English
Free version:
● The free version model is for trial use only. To engage in activities such as live streaming, please purchase the full version.
【Scope of Authorization】
√ Allowed: Video production, personal viewing
× Not Allowed: Live broadcast usage, redistribution, modifications, resale, sharing files, making personal statements, concealing that it is a public model, adult content, religious or political activities, AI (including AI painting and AI-generated people), modifications other than color changes, using the original illustration directly for merchandise, altering the files, directly copying the settings to make new skins.

Standard Version

●For anchors who want to try low-cost options, and for personal collection or interest-based live streaming. 
【Authorization Scope】 
√ Allowed: Personal live streaming, video production, personal consumption, cover creation, VTS attachment, recoloring, changing name and background story, drawing or commissioning artwork. 
× Not Allowed: Guild live streaming, guild purchase, secondary transmission, alteration, resale, file sharing, self-made statements, hiding that it is a public model, activities related to pornography, religion, and politics, AI (including AI drawing and AI-generated people), modifications other than recoloring, directly using original illustrations for peripheral products, modifying files, copying settings to create new skins.

Advanced version

●Adapt to various materials, suitable for those who are prepared and want to become virtual anchors.
【Scope of Authorization】 
√ Allowed: live streaming, video production, personal viewing, cover production, VTS hanging accessories, color modification, name and background story modification, drawing by oneself or commissioning × Not allowed: secondary transmission, secondary modification, resale, file sharing, self-speaking, hiding that it is a public model, activities related to pornography, religion, and politics, AI (including AI drawing and AI-generated characters), modifications other than color changes, using the original illustrations directly for peripherals, modifying files, copying settings to create new skins
Guilds please let the anchor buy it on their own

🔺 Precautions:
● When using, please clearly indicate that the model comes from "羽宮Project" or tag the model author as @羽宮みこ.
● No restrictions on broadcasting platforms and content.
● Prohibited activities that violate the laws of the country where the individual resides.
● Prohibited activities involving politics or religion.
● Prohibited unauthorized distribution of files or unauthorized sales of files.
● Copyright will not be transferred.
● In the event of disputes or adverse events caused by the user, the responsibility lies with the user.
● Public models are finished models that have been sold/distributed multiple times, and there may be multiple users.
● The final interpretation rights belong to 羽宮Project and the illustrator羽宮みこ.
